Add blog post link to score ranker processor for hybrid search (#9210)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/search-pipelines/score-ranker-processor.md

```

For more information about setting up hybrid search, see [Using hybrid search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/hybrid-search/#using-hybrid-search).

> For a detailed exploration of the Score Ranker processor and Reciprocal Rank Fusion (RRF), including experimental data and practical use cases, check out our blog post: [Introducing Reciprocal Rank Fusion for hybrid search in OpenSearch](https://opensearch.org/blog/introducing-reciprocal-rank-fusion-hybrid-search/). The blog post provides examples, performance comparisons, and insights into how RRF can improve search relevancy in various scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps

For a detailed exploration of the `score-ranker-processor` and RRF, including experimental data and practical use cases, see [this blog post](https://opensearch.org/blog/introducing-reciprocal-rank-fusion-hybrid-search/). The blog post provides examples, performance comparisons, and insights into how RRF can improve search relevance in various scenarios.
```
